Write "looking ahead" sections for all chapters (#511)
worldbank/dime-data-handbook: chapters/2-collaboration.tex

> All data should have an expiration data and after a project is completed and
> de-identified data has been made public as a part of your publication,
> there is no need for research teams to sit on confidential data indefinitely.

Author: ```suggestion
All data should have a clear data retention and destruction plan.
After a project is completed and its
de-identified data has been made available as a part of data publication,
research teams should not retain confidential data indefinitely.
```

> there is no need for research teams to sit on confidential data indefinitely.

Reviewer: How about, 'Every project should have a clear data retention and destruction plan.

> there is no need for research teams to sit on confidential data indefinitely.

Author: As in, delete the rest?

> there is no need for research teams to sit on confidential data indefinitely.

Reviewer: nope just revise the first sentence :)

> there is no need for research teams to sit on confidential data indefinitely.

Author: yep yep yep, edited above

\section{Looking ahead}

> With your code environment established,
> you will have a firm idea about how we are going to

Author: ```suggestion
With your code environment established,
you will have a firm idea about how you are going to
```

Yep! I started writing with "we" and then changed it, missed a few I'm sure!

handle the data and code that
you create and receive throughout the research process.
This structure should prepare you to work collaboratively,
to share code and data across machines and among team members,
and to document your work as a group.
With an organization plan
and plans to to version-control and back up files,
you are also ready to handle materials ethically and securely.
You should also have secured the approvals needed for any planned work.

> You are now ready to start creating the data materials needed

Author: Same as below, this is supposed to refer to data map. I didn't want to use the term before it is introduced. Maybe "organizing information about the research design"? But that's clunky.

> You are now ready to start creating the data materials needed

Reviewer: ah, i see. what about 'ready to start translating your project's research design into a clear measurement framework'?

> You are now ready to start creating the data materials needed

Author: ```suggestion
ready to translate your project's research design into a measurement framework
```

to answer your research questions.
In the next chapter,

> we will do this through an essential type of research planning:
> mapping data to both the research design
> and to its planned creation and use across the project timeline.

Author: ```suggestion
we will outline how to prepare the essential elements of research data.
You will learn how to map out your project's data needs
according to both the research design
and the planned creation and use of data across the project timeline.
```
